Terms of Service for RPS Competitive

Effective Date: October 22, 2023

Welcome to RPS Competitive! By using our Discord bot and related services, you agree to comply with the following Terms of Service (TOS). Please read these terms carefully before using the bot. If you do not agree with these terms, please refrain from using the bot.

1. Acceptance of Terms

By using RPS Competitive, you agree to be bound by these TOS, as well as our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use our services.

2. Use of the Bot

RPS Competitive is intended solely for recreational purposes and provides a rock-paper-scissors game. It is not for any commercial or professional use.
Users are expected to follow the rules and guidelines provided by the bot and the Discord community guidelines.
You are responsible for any content and activity associated with your use of the bot.
You may not use the bot in any way that violates local, national, or international laws or regulations.

3. User Conduct

Users are expected to treat each other with respect and follow the principles of fair play when using the bot.
You may not engage in any form of cheating or harassment while using the bot.
Users are responsible for their actions, and any violations of these TOS may result in the suspension or termination of access to the bot.

4. Termination of Service

RPS Competitive reserves the right to suspend or terminate service to any user at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, violations of these TOS.

5. Privacy

We respect your privacy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy to understand how we collect, use, and protect your data.

6. Limitation of Liability

RPS Competitive is provided "as is" and makes no warranties regarding the accuracy, reliability, or availability of the service. We are not responsible for any damages or losses resulting from the use of our services.

7. Changes to TOS

RPS Competitive reserves the right to modify or update these TOS at any time. Users will be notified of changes, and it is their responsibility to review the updated TOS. Continued use of the bot constitutes acceptance of the modified TOS.

8. Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about these TOS or our services, please contact us at dymtim on Discord.

By using RPS Competitive, you agree to these TOS. Please make sure you understand and agree to these terms before using our bot. Thank you for using our Discord bot and enjoy playing rock-paper-scissors!

DymTim
